feat(Loading): improve accessibility of the Loading component (#4616)
kiwicom/orbit: packages/orbit-components/src/Loading/README.md

Table below contains all types of the props available for icons in general.

| Name        | Type                      | Default | Description                                                                                                                                |
| :---------- | :------------------------ | :------ | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | children    | `React.Node`              |         | The content of the Loading. [See Functional specs](#functional-specs)                                                                      |

Reviewer: There is no Functional Specs in this readme 🤦‍♂️. And I am very confused about what "The content of the Loading" means 😞.

This is actually the content to be shown when `loading={false}`.

| dataTest    | `string`                  |         | Optional prop for testing purposes.                                                                                                        |
| id          | `string`                  |         | Set `id` for `Loading`                                                                                                                     |
| loading     | `boolean`                 | `false` | If `true`, the Loading will be displayed. Loading which doesn't have a children is always shown, even if `loading` prop is set to `false`. |
| **type**    | [`enum`](#enum)           |         | The type of the Loading.                                                                                                                   |

> | text        | `Translation`             |         | The text of the Loading.                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: "The text of the Loading." is a bit ambiguous, I must say. I know it was here already but it can be improved. Something like "Text to be displayed below the loading"

| customSize  | `number`                  |         | Allows you to define custom size for circle loader                                                                                         |
| asComponent | `string \| React.Element` | `div`   | The component used for the root node.                                                                                                      |

> | title       | `string`                  |         | Optional prop for image title.                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: The description can be improved. Or at least refer to the accessibility documentation

> | title       | `string`                  |         | Optional prop for loader image title. This title is not visible, but announced by a screen reader. Check [Accessibility documentation](../accessibility) for more details. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| title       | `string`                  |         | Optional prop for loader image title. This title is not visible, but announced by a screen reader. See Accessibility tab. |
```

I wouldn't add a link here. Simply this is enough, like in other components.
